Which NFL team represented the AFC at Super Bowl 50?
Which NFL team represented the NFC at Super Bowl 50?
Where did Super Bowl 50 take place?
Which NFL team won Super Bowl 50?
What color was used to emphasize the 50th anniversary of the Super Bowl?
What was the theme of Super Bowl 50?
What was the theme of Super Bowl 50?
What day was the Super Bowl played on?
Who won Super Bowl 50?
What venue did Super Bowl 50 take place in?
What city did Super Bowl 50 take place in?
If Roman numerals were used, what would Super Bowl 50 have been called?
Super Bowl 50 decided the NFL champion for what season?
What year did the Denver Broncos secure a Super Bowl title for the third time?
What city did Super Bowl 50 take place in?
What stadium did Super Bowl 50 take place in?
What was the final score of Super Bowl 50? 
What month, day and year did Super Bowl 50 take place? 
What year was Super Bowl 50?
Who won Super Bowl 50?
Super Bowl 50 determined the NFL champion for what season?
Which team won Super Bowl 50.
Where was Super Bowl 50 held?
How many appearances have the Denver Broncos made in the Super Bowl?
Who did the Broncos prevent from going to the Super Bowl?
Who were the defending Super Bowl champions?
How many teams have been in the Super Bowl eight times?
How many teams have played in the Super Bowl eight times?
Which team did not get a chance to defend their Super Bowl XLIX win in Super Bowl 50?
How many times have the Panthers been in the Super Bowl?
Who was the Super Bowl 50 MVP?
How many fumbles did Von Miller force in Super Bowl 50?
Which Denver linebacker was named Super Bowl MVP?
How many solo tackles did Von Miller make at Super Bowl 50?
Who won the Super Bowl MVP?
Who was given the esteemed status of MVP for Super Bowl 50?
What was the number of solo tackles that Von Miller had in Super Bowl 50?
How many forced fumbles did Von Miller have during the Super Bowl 50 game?
Who won the MVP for the Super Bowl?
How many times was Cam Newton sacked in Super Bowl 50?
Who was the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl 50?
Which network broadcasted Super Bowl 50 in the U.S.?
What was the average cost for a 30 second commercial during Super Bowl 50?
Which group headlined the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?
Which performers joined the headliner during the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?
At which Super Bowl did Beyonce headline the halftime show?
Who was the broadcaster for Super Bowl 50 in the United States?
What halftime performer previously headlined Super Bowl XLVII?
What halftime performer previously headlined Super Bowl XLVIII?
Which network broadcasted the 50th Super Bowl game? 
What was the average cost for a TV ad lasting 30 seconds during Super Bowl 50?
Who was the male singer who performed as a special guest during Super Bowl 50?
What ranking does the Super Bowl 50 halftime show have on the list of most watched TV broadcasts?
What station aired the Super Bowl?
What band headlined half-time during Super Bowl 50?
Who broadcast the Super Bowl on TV?
Who headlined the halftime show for Super Bowl 50?
Who were special guests for the Super Bowl halftime show?
Which Super Bowl halftime show did Beyonc headline?
Who lead the Super Bowl 50 halftime performance?
What other two famous performers were part of the Super Bowl 50 halftime?
What performer lead the Super Bowl XLVIII halftime show?
Which Super Bowl did Roger Goodell speak about?
In what year did Roger Goodell call Super Bowl 50 'an important game for us as a league'?
When did he make the quoted remarks about Super Bowl 50?
In early 2012, Goodell said that Super Bowl 50 would be what?
What one word did the NFL commissioner use to describe what Super Bowl 50 was intended to be?
What year did Roger Goodell announce that Super Bowl 50 would be "important"?
Which Louisiana venue was one of three considered for Super Bowl 50?
Which Florida venue was one of three considered for Super Bowl 50?
Which California venue was one of three considered for Super Bowl 50?
What venue in Miami was a candidate for the site of Super Bowl 50?
What is the name of San Francisco's stadium when looked at as a possibility for Super Bowl 50?
What was the name of New Orleans' superdome at the time that Super Bowl 50 took place?
What was the given name of Miami's stadium at the time of Super Bowl 50?
How many sites did the NFL narrow down Super Bowl 50's location to?
What Florida stadium was considered for Super Bowl 50?
What New Orleans stadium was considered for Super Bowl 50?
What is the name of the stadium where Super Bowl 50 was played?
When were the two finalists for hosting Super Bowl 50 announced?
How many times has the South Florida/Miami area hosted the Super Bowl?
What was the most recent Super Bowl hosted in the South Florida/Miami area?
When was the most recent Super Bowl hosted in the South Florida/Miami area?
When did the San Francisco Bay area last host the Super Bowl?
In what venue did Super Bowl XIX take place?
In what year was the Super Bowl last held in the Miami/South Florida area?
How many times has a Super Bowl taken place at Miami's Sun Life Stadium?
What was the last Super Bowl that took place at Sun Life Stadium in Miami? 
In 2012, how many stadiums were named as finalists for hosting Super Bowl 50 before the final stadium was chosen?
What was the entity that stepped in and caused Miami's Sun Life Stadium to no longer be in the running to host Super Bowl 50?
Prior to this consideration, when did San Francisco last host a Super Bowl?
What other city has hosted the Super Bowl ten times?
What date were the top two stadium choices for Super Bowl 50 announced?
What city is tied with Miami for hosting the Super Bowl?
When was the last time San Francisco hosted a Super Bowl?
Who decided not to approve paying for renovations at Sun Life Stadium that the league wanted for them to do to host Super Bowl 50?
When was Levi's Stadium awarded the right to host Super Bowl 50?
Who voted on the venue for Super Bowl 50?
What California city last hosted the Super Bowl?
On what date was Super Bowl 50 given to Levi's Stadium?
Prior to Super Bowl 50, what was the last Super Bowl in California?
In what city did the last Super Bowl in California occur?
What year did Levi's Stadium become fully approved to host Super Bowl 50?
How much did it cost to build the stadium where Super Bowl 50 was played?
What year did a Super Bowl play in the bay area around San Francisco, prior to Super Bowl 50?
Which Super Bowl was hosted in San Diego in 2003? 
When was San Francisco voted to be the location for Super Bowl 50?
When was the last Super Bowl in California?
Where was the meeting held when the NFL owners voted on the location for Super Bowl 50?
When was Levi's Stadium picked for Super bowl 50?
When was the last time California hosted a Super Bowl?
Who coached each Super Bowl 50 participant in their most recent Super Bowl appearance prior to Super Bowl 50?
Which team in Super Bowl 50 had a 15-1 record?
What was the last Super Bowl the Broncos participated in?
Who was the head coach of the Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII?
What was the number of times the Denver Broncos played in a Super Bowl by the time they reached Super Bowl 50?
What was the first Super Bowl that the Carolina Panthers played in? 
Prior to Super Bowl 50, when were the Broncos last there?
Prior to Super Bowl 50, when were the Carolina Panthers last there?
How many games did the Panthers lose in the regular season before Super Bowl 50?
How many teams up to Super Bowl 50 have been to the championship game eight times?
Before Super Bowl 50, what was the coach's name that coached both teams for their last Super Bowl appearances?
Which Panthers RB scored 6 TDs in the 13 games leading up to Super Bowl 50?
What coach left the Broncos after the season prior to Super Bowl 50?
According to game stats, which Super Bowl 50 quarterback had his worst year since his first season as a player in the NFL?
Who was the Denver head coach for Super Bowl 50?
Who did the Panthers play to advance to the Super Bowl?
Who won Super Bowl XLIX?
Who won Super Bowl XLIX?
How old was Peyton Manning when he played in Super Bowl 50?
Who previously held the record for being the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl?
How old was John Elway when he played in Super Bowl XXXIII?
Who did John Elway play for in Super Bowl XXXIII?
What team was the winner of Super Bowl XXXIII?
How old was Elway during his Super Bowl XXXIII win?
Who has the record of being the oldest quarter back in any Super Bowl game?
How many teams has Manning played for that reached the Super Bowl, while he was on their team?
Peyton Manning took how many different teams to the Super Bowl?
Who is the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl?
Prior to Manning, who was the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl?
Which Super Bowl did Elway win at 38 years old?
Who was the first quarterback to take two teams to more than one Super Bowl?
How old was Manning when he played Super Bowl 50?
What is the name of the quarterback who was 38 in Super Bowl XXXIII?
How old was Newton during Super Bowl 50?
How much older was Manning than Newton during Super Bowl 50?
How old was Newton during Super Bowl 50?
What position did Newton play during Super Bowl 50?
How old was Newton in Super Bowl 50?
What was the age difference between Newton and Manning in Super Bowl 50?
In what Super Bowl did Rivera play?
What team did Rivera play for in Super Bowl XX?
What position did Rivera play in Super Bowl XX?
Who was replaced by Kubiak in Super Bowl XXIV?
What team did Kubiak play for in Super Bowl XXI?
What position did Rivera play in Super Bowl XX? 
Who did Kubiak take the place of after Super Bowl XXIV?
What Super Bowl did Rivera play in as a player?
What is the name of the turf used in Levi's Stadium for the Super Bowl?
What was used to sod the Levi's Stadium for Super Bowl 50? 
What did the NFL do to the playing field at Levi's Stadium before the Super Bowl?
What did a lot of players need to change during Super Bowl 50 because of the condition of the field?
What field type is usually chosen for Super Bowl games?
Who was designated as the home team in the Super Bowl?
What was the final score of Super Bowl XXXIII?
What team lost Super Bowl XXXIII?
What color pants did the Broncos wear in Super Bowl 50?
What was the final score for Super Bowl XXXIII?
What team did the Denver Broncos play in  Super Bowl XXXIII?
What color were the Bronco's uniforms in Super Bowl 50?
What jersey did the Broncos wear for Super Bowl 50?
Who is the only other AFC Champion team to wear road jerseys in a Super Bowl?
What was th elast Super Bowl where the Broncos wore white uniforms?
What was the color of the jerseys in Super Bowl XXXII when Elway was quarterback?
Since Denver chose white, what colors did Carolina wear in Super Bowl 50?
What hotel did the Panthers stay in during Super Bowl 50? 
What was the name of the hotel the Panthers chose to stay in during Super Bowl 50?
Where did the Panthers practice at for Super Bowl 50?
Where did the Broncos practice at for Super Bowl 50?
Where did the Panthers practice for the Super Bowl?
Which hotel did the Panthers stay at for the Super Bowl?
Where did the Broncos practice for the Super Bowl?
Which hotel did the Broncos use for Super Bowl 50?
Where was the practice place the Panthers used for the Super Bowl?
Where did the Broncos practice for the Super Bowl?
Where did the Broncos stay at for Super Bowl 50?
When did the NFL announce the suspension of using Roman numerals to brand the Super Bowl?
What was the first Super Bowl branded with Roman numerals?
What was the first Super Bowl to use the standardized logo template?
In what year was it declared that no Roman numerals would be used in the name of the 50th Super Bowl?
Which Super Bowl, after the 50th one, will begin have Roman numerals in the title again?
If Roman numerals were used in the naming of the 50th Super Bowl, which one would have been used?
What color are the numbers in the Super Bowl 50 logo? 
When did the NFL announce that it would not use Roman numbers to designate the Super Bowl number?
When will Roman numerals be used again to denote the Super Bowl number?
What type of numeral did the latest Super Bowl use to designate the game number?
What is the Roman numeral going to be for Super Bowl 51?
What color was featured in promotions related to Super Bowl 50?
What color was used to create the 50-yard line in Levi's Stadium for the season leading up to the Super Bowl 50 game?
What color were the footballs handed out to a variety of high schools, leading up to Super Bowl 50?
Because of the gold theme, what was Super Bowl 50 known as?
What was given to high schools where former students went on to play or coach in a Super Bowl?
Since this was the 50th one, what was the theme color for the Super Bowl?
When was the opening of "Super Bowl City"?
How many people were estimated to go to the different game-themed events during the week prior to Super Bowl 50 in the city it was held in?
Who was the mayor of San Francisco during Super Bowl 50? 
Which building was the NFL Experience held at for Super Bowl 50?
What was the name of the event at the The Embarcadero that was held prior to Super Bowl 50 to help show off some of the things that San Francisco has to offer?
How many people are likely to visit Justin Herman Plaza during the week of the Super Bowl?
How much did San Francisco get for providing services for the Super Bowl?
How much money was spent on other festivities in the Bay area to help celebrate the coming Super Bowl 50?
Where was a beer, wine and food festival held at prior to the Super Bowl?
Who set aside seed funding for the week-long event leading up to the Super Bowl?
What was the cost of the other Super Bowl events in the San Francisco area?
Who may have been called upon to fund the festival associated with the Super Bowl in Santa Clara?
On what day was Super Bowl Opening Night held?
On what day does the Super Bowl media day traditionally take place?
What venue hosted Super Bowl Opening Night?
A replica of what landmark was present at Super Bowl Opening Night?
As a norm, what day of the week is the traditional Media Day held prior to a Super Bowl?
What day of the week was Media Day held on for Super Bowl 50?
What was the name of the Media Day event for Super Bowl 50?
What is the name of the property where the media event was held for Super Bowl 50?
What city was the media event held for Super Bowl 50?
Where was media day for Super Bowl 50 held?
What day was Super Bowl 50 media day switched to?
What was media day called for Super Bowl 50?
Where was the new media day event for Super Bowl 50 held?
What bridge had a model of it at the Super Bowl Opening Night?
What date was Super Bowl Opening Night held?
What health company was a Super Bowl sponsor?
What clothing company was a Super Bowl sponsor?
What petroleum company was a Super Bowl sponsor?
Which committee made an effort to invite companies owned by people, who are transgender or gay, to take part in contract business associated with Super Bowl 50.
What is the Super Bowl program called that gives local companies business opportunities for the Super Bowl?
What is the name of the service that gets local businesses contract chances with the Super Bowl?
The Super Bowl 50 Host Committee said it would be the most what ever?
Who is the trophy given to the Super Bowl champion named for?
The "50" given to the Super Bowl winner is plated with how many karats of gold?
What will the "50" given to the Super Bowl winner weigh in pounds?
What is the name of the trophy given to anyone who plays on the winning team in a Super Bowl?
What is the name of the trophy that all Super Bowl winners receive?
Where was Tracy Wolfson announcing from during the Super Bowl 50 game?
Which television network aired the Super Bowl?
What network aired Super Bowl 50?
Who were the announcers of Super Bowl 50?
Who were the Super Bowl 50 sideline announcers?
What was put on pylons for Super Bowl 50?
Which TV network broadcasted Super Bowl 50 in Spanish?
What agency did the Spanish version of the Super Bowl?
Who were the ESPN Deportes commentators for Super Bowl 50?
Who was the ESPN Deportes sideline commentator for Super Bowl 50?
What was the domain name of the site that streamed the Super Bowl 50 game? 
Which mobile service were Verizon customers able to watch Super Bowl 50 on their phones?
What did CBS provide of the Super Bowl 50 broadcast for its website, some apps and media players?
What cellular carrier had the only contract for the Super Bowl to be shown on smartphones?
Where was the ESPN Deportes Spanish version of Super Bowl 50 available?
What talk show followed immediately after Super Bowl 50 on CBS?
Which late night comedy host show played immediately after Super Bowl 50 ended?
What other CBS talk show played, after the main one that began immediately after Super Bowl 50?
What CBS show followed the Super Bowl?
What followed the late local programming after Super Bowl 50?
What was the base rate for a 30-second ad during Super Bowl 50?
What brand sponsored the "Crash the Super Bowl" contest?
What anniversary of the Pokmon franchise was celebrated during the Super Bowl?
What was the starting cost for a TV commercial lasting 30 seconds and airing during Super Bowl 50?
Which company was given permission to air TV commercials during Super Bowl 50 at a discounted price?
Which company held a contest whereupon contestants could enter for a chance to have their own commercial shown during Super Bowl 50?
Which video gaming company debuted their ad for the first time during Super Bowl 50?
Who made their Super Bowl commercial debut with Nintendo?
What company was in its last year for getting Super Bowl commercials at a big discount?
What company was this the last Super Bowl they would let customers have an opportunity to get their own commercial ideas aired?
What was the Doritos customer Super Bowl ad campaign called?
Which company won a contest to have their ad shown for free during Super Bowl 50?
What company had a contest to win a free Super Bowl commercial?
Who won the competition to get a free Super Bowl commercial aired?
What Universal trailer debuted during the Super Bowl?
What Lionsgate trailer was shown during the Super Bowl?
Along with 10 Cloverfield Lane, what Paramount trailer appeared during the Super Bowl?
What was the subtitle of the Independence Day movie that had a trailer during the Super Bowl?
What film did Lionsgate pay to have the trailer aired during the Super Bowl?
What famous July Fourth holiday movie did Fox pay to advertise a sequel of during the Super Bowl?
What movie company paid to have the next Jason Bourne movie ad shown during the Super Bowl?
What company paid for a Super Bowl 50 ad to show a trailer of X-Men: Apocalypse?
What radio network carried the Super Bowl?
How many color analysts were involved with Super Bowl 50?
Who announced the game play-by-play for Super Bowl 50?
Who was the announcer for Westwood One's Super Bowl 50 coverage?
What two radio stations in Denver carried Super Bowl 50?
What radio station in South Carolina carried the Super Bowl 50 game?
What British TV network will carry the Super Bowl?
Who was the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl II?
What player won the MVP in Super Bowl V?
Who was the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl XLI?
How many of the prior Super Bowl MVPs appeared together at the pregame show?
How many players have been awarded the Most Valuable Player distinction for the Super Bowl?
Who was the MVP of Super Bowl I and II?
Who was the MVP of Super Bowl XLI?
Who did the National Anthem at Super Bowl 50?
What actor did sign language for the National Anthem at Superbowl 50?
Who did the Super Bowl 50 National Anthem?
Who did the sign language of the National Anthem at Super Bowl 50?
At what Super Bowl did Beyonc headline the halftime show?
What previous Super Bowl halftime show did Bruno Mars headline?
Who lead the halftime show of Super Bowl 50?
What company confirmed that Beyonc would participate in the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?
What song did Coldplay and Beyonc collaborate on for the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?
Who headlined the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?
What other former halftime show performer joined Coldplay and Beyonc for the Super Bowl 50 halftime show?
Who kicked the field goal for Denver on the first drive of Super Bowl 50?
What Super Bowl was the last where a fumble was returned for a touchdown?
When is the last time a fumble return touchdown happened in a Super Bowl?
How many yards did Jordan Norwood return a punt to set the Super Bowl record?
How many yards was the field goal that made the score 13-7 in Super Bowl 50?
Who did Newton get a pass to in the Panther starting plays of Super Bowl 50?
What yard line did the Broncos stop the Panthers on in their first offensive drive of Super Bowl 50?
What is the last name of the player who bumped the ball away from Manning in the fourth quarter of Super Bowl 50?
What player played in the Super Bowl after breaking his arm two weeks before?
Which player played even though he broke his arm two weeks prior to the Super Bowl?
What is the last name of the player who was Manning's top receiver for Super Bowl 50?
What is th elast name of the player who was the Super Bowl 50 winner's leading rusher?
How many of the four field goal attempts did McManus succeed at during SUper Bowl 50?
How many intercpetions did Newton have in Super Bowl 50?
How many total tackles did Charles Johnson have in Super Bowl 50?
What team had 244 yards in Super Bowl XXXV?
Who returned a punt for 61 yards, setting a new Super Bowl record?
Who is the only quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two teams?
How many yards did Denver have for Super Bowl 50?
How many first downs did Denver have for Super Bowl 50?
Who did the Broncos tie with the most sacks in a Super Bowl?
Which team did Gary Kubiak play for when he was in the Super Bowl?
How many first downs did the Panthers have in Super Bowl 50?
How many first downs did the Broncos have in Super Bowl 50?
What team had the lowest downs and yards ever in the Super Bowl as of Super Bowl 50?
What team di the Broncos tie a Super Bowl record for in sacks?
How many teams has Manning won the Super Bowl with?
